hi everyone I'm so excited to welcome
you to your virtual instruction mini
course and I'm glad to start this course
off with this little video to meet your
instructor
me so as you follow along this video I
would love for you to pay attention to
the different teaching methods that I'm
using and maybe take a note of which
ones they are and how you like them so
to begin with I would love to tell you a
few facts about myself my name is f CR a
and I will be showing you some numbers
and words and I would love for you to
take a little guess what they could mean
if we were in a virtual classroom
together I would ask you to write down
your ideas in the chat but we're
not so maybe just think about them um
30 as you may have guessed I'm 30 years
old
Germany I was born and raised in Germany
and lived there for long part of my
life INB
Austria I'm currently living in INB
Austria
teacher I study to be a teacher and I've
been teaching German as a foreign
language for the past five years
now instructional
designer that's what I currently am
doing I started a course in August and I
started a new job as an instructional
designer pretty recently as well so I'm
excited to share some of my knowledge
with you
all next I would love to play a little
game of this or that the rules are
pretty simple if you think the first
item applies to you stand up if you
think the second item sounds better to
you stay seated or sit back
down coffee or tea I will stand up for
that one morning person or night
owl I will stay standing summer or
winter I will sit back down for that
one Beach vacation or Mountain Retreat
I'll stay
seated books or
movies I'll stand up for that
one and City Life or Countryside living
I will sit down for that one I love
living on the
countryside our last activity together
here is three items normally I would get
up and find three items around me that
describe me somehow but since I want to
stay seated and talk to y'all I have
included three pictures of items that
matter to me so first of all we have a
guitar because I love playing my guitar
I'm not very good at it but I do enjoy
it cup of coffee I love drinking coffee
and especially with friends at a cute
little cafe I can sit there for hours
and last but not least I'm glad enough
to hold this up but I love riding my
snowboard and I try to get out in the
mountains every
winter so I think this is it for today
I'm so glad to meet you all and I'm very
excited to guide you through this course
together and I hope that we'll have a
great time and learn so many interesting
things and I'll see you all soon